Add link for Java workload destination guide (#1383)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-dev-docs: articles/java/spring-framework/spring-app-service-e2e.md

# Deploy a Spring app to App Service with MySQL

> [!NOTE]

> > For Spring applications, we recommend using Azure Spring Apps. However, you can still use Azure App Service as a destination. See [Java Workload Destination Guidance](https://aka.ms/javadestinations) for advice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For Spring applications, we recommend using Azure Spring Apps. However, you can still use Azure App Service as a destination. For more information, see [Choose the right Azure services for your Java applications](../get-started/choose.md).
```
